So, I'm here to spread the truth. Welcome to the show, truth seekers.

On today's show, I'm going to talk about bedrock, and what is going on there. They don't want you to know, but I'm going to show it to you, through truth, through conviction, and through facts; something lacking in the modern media now-adays. So, with bedrock, we'll go through why it was built, the purpose of it, and what they're doing there now. Stay tuned, because, if you haven't been listening in, this is the real deal, folks. This goes all of the way down, dare I say?, to the bedrock. But getting into bedrock....


The government doesn't want you to know. So, I did my research, this town was built in the early 1950's.It was built around the "bedrock" staging base, the base slightly west of town. It was a codeword, bedrock, meaning, the last foundation we would stand on if everything else went wrong. It was built in the early 50's, like I said, as a staging base for Creech, they realised they needed a staging base after WWII and started building bedrock. It was to help support the logistics of moving troops in an out of Creech. Troops go in, troops go out, but they need it to server another purpose.

They built this thing in the early 50s, as the cold war was amping up. They wanted another place where they could weather the nuclear annilalation they were planning. Think Cheyenne Mountain or Raven Rock, these places were built because they know what they're going to do. They started building this place, nobody knew what was going on, they're just digging and digging. And the people think this is a good thing, "Hey,we have a town growing, the base is a good thing", Boy were these people wrong. Everyone knows about those other places, but bedrock, nope, you're hearing it here, from me. Keep listening if you want to exapand your mind.

They have this base, for years, nobody cares about it, it's roiling in the background. What percentage of Cartersville work there? Over half of us, so most of you probably are going to dismiss me, or you're part of it. This isn't for you. This is for the people who want the truth, who want to know what their government is doing, what are our taxpayer dollars going for? What are you doing with it? So most of us don't care, but that's what we're here for. But bedrock isn't what you think. There's something lurking beneth the surface. But anyways, you have all of these people.

So, they don't know what's happening, right beneeth their noses, it's sad. They've been so brainwashed. LISTEN UP, PEOPLE, THERE IS SOME NEFARIOUS STUFF GOING ON IN BEDROCK!". We don't even understand what they're doing there. Suddenly, in the early 50s, construction shifts from an underground bunker to a lab. Listen up, you don't get it, if you look at what they've been doing. There is so much that points us to the logical conclusion. 

So, you have this base in the early 50's, it's built to help support Creech, the troops and other personel, and other cargo, everything you would expect. So, suddenly, we start seeing these train loads of other types of things coming into town, being loaded on trucks, and taken to the base, they go into hangar #2 and they're never seen again. Does that make sense to you? It sure doesn't make sense to me.

They're bringing in all of these people, not from around here. Why do we need these people? They're doing something new. We don't know what it is, but why do you have to hide it from the people? It can't be good if that's what you're doing.