Welcome to your gun and you
This in an informational record created to teach you how to responsibly own a fire arm, or as many as is your right as a red-blooded anglo-saxan white non-queer male American.

This informational record will take you on a journey through your relationship with your projectile spitting friend, the gun. It was created to solve the most basic of mans' problems. This instructional recording will be broken down into 6 parts (haha, yes, 6 was chosen to symbolically represent the 6 barrels of a standard action .45 LC revolver). This is the prefered weapon of any real man. As part of this record, you will learn all you need to know about the maintenance and ownership of a projectile firearm or you will get back in the kitchen. I'm just joking, we all know women aren't capable of learning.

Part one. What is a gun? It doesn't exist purely for fun, it is a tool for getting the job done. If you pull the trigger, all of the problems in front of it will go away, if not, pull the trigger again.

Jimmy didn't respect his gun. It would go off with the slighteset provocation. he saw the nice young lady lifeguard at the community pool, he brushed against his cousin's thigh at their family gathering. 

Your gun should be kept clean and free of rot. It won't clean itself, so you should clean it vigorously and thoroughly.

Your gun has a trigger. You should only pull this trigger if you're willing to deal with the consequences. What comes out may end your life as it currently exists, cost a fortune, and complain when you want to drop if off at college.

If you don't properly insert your ammunition, you may do what some refer to as "shooting blanks". 

In part II, we will talk about how to properly feed your gun the delicious bullets it craves. Make sure to insert the clip into the base of the gun's handle. You should have a properly loaded clip, with 12 to 18 freedom fighters.

Part III, shoot to kill. Maiming is only a half measure. If you're enemy is still alive, your enemy can attack your children.

Part IV. Bullet holes hurt. To inflict maximum damage on your problems, you will want to put bullets in them. This is the best and most reasonable solution to whatever your problem is. Words are for communists. The point of a bullet is to go into the problem and leave a bigger hole on the other side of your problem. Your problem no longer can hurt you, as your problem's back has been blown out.

Part V. Faster is always better. Shoot vigorously and with disregard for the sanctity of life. The more bullets,the better. There isn't a single person who can dispute this,becuase they are most likely dead, because they has fewer bullets. Point proven.

Part VI. The final solution. By this point, you have learned how to care for your projectile friend and use this friend in a way that effectively eliminates any threat to your fragile psyche. After discharging your weapon in a responsible, hippy eliminating manor, it should be returned to it's proper storage, somwewhere on your person. This will keep your projectile friend in it's optimal freedom hater killing condition. 

Off of the main mic (in the background) [Gary, I don't see anywhere in this script where we talk about the Jewish problem? Where is it? "" No, Steve, we talked about this. We aren't going to include any of your anti-semetic ideas in this instructional tape, this is meant to teach responsible young individuals how to properly maintain and discharge their weapons". " Yeah, but as responsible gun  owners, they should understand the [something racist] threat". "No, read the script", "I'm not going to, what are you going to do to stop me? The children are going to Learn" "No, your one job is to read the.." Steve pulls out a gun and points it at Gary, who freezes "What are you doing? This is insan..." "You won't corrupt the minds of our children anymore. I won't let you..." "No, please" gun shot.

So, after discharging your weapon you should make sure of two things. That the barrel has been properly cleared and that your intended target has been incapacitated. [Gurgling noises. Another gun shot] Part III, is extremely important.